Add custom artifact for custom local builds (#1999)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/how-tos/builders/_index.md

Docker image `gcr.io/k8s-skaffold/example` with Bazel:

{{% readfile file="samples/builders/bazel.yaml" %}}

## Custom Build Script Run Locally

Custom build scripts allow skaffold users the flexibility to build artifacts with any builder they desire. 
Users can write a custom build script which must abide by the following contract for skaffold to work as expected:

### Contract between Skaffold and Custom Build Script

Skaffold will pass in the following environment variables to the custom build script:

| Environment Variable         | Description           | Expectation  |
| ------------- |-------------| -----|

> | $IMAGES     | An array of fully qualified image names, separated by spaces.  | The custom build script is expected to build an image and tag it with each image name in $IMAGES. Each image should also be pushed if `$PUSH_IMAGE=true`. | 

Reviewer: Add e.g. "gcr.io/k8s-skaffold/leeroy-app:v0.28.0-20,gcr.io/k8s-skaffold/leeroy-web:v0.28.0-20"

| $BUILD_CONTEXT  | An absolute path to the directory this artifact is meant to be built from. Specified by artifact `context` in the skaffold.yaml.      | None. | 
| Local environment variables | The current state of the local environment (e.g. `$HOST`, `$PATH)`. Determined by the golang [os.Environ](https://golang.org/pkg/os/#Environ) function.| None. |

As described above, the custom build script is expected to:

1. Build and tag each image in `$IMAGES`
2. Push each image in `$IMAGES` if `$PUSH_IMAGE=true`

Once the build script has finished executing, skaffold will try to obtain the digest of the newly built image from a remote registry (if `$PUSH_IMAGE=true`) or the local daemon (if `$PUSH_IMAGE=false`).
If skaffold fails to obtain the digest, it will error out.

#### Additional Environment Variables

Skaffold will pass in the following additional environment variables for the following builders:

##### Local builder
| Environment Variable         | Description           | Expectation  |
| ------------- |-------------| -----|

> | Docker daemon environment variables     | Inform the custom builder of which docker daemon endpoint we are using. Allows custom build scripts to work with tools like Minikube.| None. | 

Reviewer: is there some docs on what these environment variables are? The closet i found is https://docs.docker.com/machine/reference/env/

### Configuration

> To use a custom build script, add a `custom` field to each artifact in the `build` section of the skaffold.yaml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a custom build script, add a `custom` field to corresponding artifact in the `build` section of the skaffold.yaml.
```

You can have custom + core builders right?

Author: Good point, there can be a mix!

Currently, this only works with the build type `local`. Supported schema for `custom` includes:

{{< schema root="CustomArtifact" >}}

`buildCommand` is *required* and points skaffold to the custom build script which will be executed to build the artifact.

> `dependencies` tells the skaffold file watcher which files should be watched to trigger rebuilds and file syncs.  Supported schema for `dependencies` includes:

Reviewer: file sync should be still handled via artifact.sync i feel.

Reviewer: this is correct. There is "and" here.

{{< schema root="CustomDependencies" >}}

#### Custom Build Scripts and File Sync

> Syncable files must be specified in the `paths` section of `dependencies` so that the skaffold file watcher knows to watch them. 

Reviewer: Wait this is incorrect, Sync is another struct per artifact level which sync files without triggering a re-built.
```
apiVersion: skaffold/v1beta9
kind: Config
build:
  artifacts:
  - image: gcr.io/k8s-skaffold/node-example
    context: backend
    sync:
      '*.js': .
```
`Paths` are files to watch which will trigger a re-built. 
In dev flow, runner determines if a file needs to be synced using the "sync" maps. 
dependencies.path determine "paths that need to trigger the re-build"

Reviewer: After discussion, this should be changed to 
```suggestion
Syncable files must also be included in the `paths` section of `dependencies` along with existing `sync` section so that the skaffold file watcher knows to watch them. 
```

Author: Cool, thanks!
